An old man lived in the village. He was one of the most unfortunate people in the world. The whole village was tired of him; he was always gloomy, he constantly complained and was always in a bad mood. One day, an outsider named Dream went to the gloomy villager's house, placed some TNT in the house, used a wooden button to light it up, and the house exploded. The wooden planks that used to make up the house was on the floor. Since Dream used a button instead of flint and steel to ignite the TNT and blow up the house, his village rating did not go down. However, the gloomy villager still complained. However, when Dream placed down a fletching table to employ the villager, the dream became a fletcher and was happy. Furthermore, Dream used the wooden planks that he collected to craft a bunch of sticks and traded them with the villager for a bunch of emeralds. Dream used these emeralds to obtain some arrows from the fletcher.   
Later in the day, as the moon rises and sun sets again, Dream depatures from the village with the arrows obtained. As Dream matches to the river near the village, tempest arrives suddenly. The chaos scares Dream and causes him to drop him arrows into the river. After a while, the rainstorm stops, and the moon appears again. Dream is very upset about the loss of arrows. At this very moment, a phatom of a young woman appears, carrying shinning objects in her hands. She shows friendly countenance and asks, "Did you lose this gold arrow or this silver arrow?" Dream looks at the gold arrow and says, "I lost the gold arrow." Suddenly, the friendly countenance turns into rage, and with a shout, "You dishonest and disgrace!", the woman jumps back into the river. In a short period, the river freezes and so as Dream.
One hundred years later, two young explores were walking along this mysterious frozen river, one of the expolorers is Dream's great grandson. The two expolorers had heard the tales of what had happened to this river, but they wanted to discover the truth. Ever since the mysterious disapperance of Dream, his family line has experienced unspeakable tragedies. Recently, Dream's great grandson has been having weird dreams, where a female spirit has lead him to a specific spot on the river. In these dreams the spirit whispers "bring me the golden arrow, and your destiny will be fulfilled". As Dream's great grandson replays this in his head, he looks down to see the necklace that has been passed down since his Great Grandpa's death: a small golden arrow. The two explorers finally make it to the spot that Dream's great grandson had seen in his dreams, but nothing was happening. In frustration, the expolorer rips off his nicklace, and struckes the tip of the golden arrow into the ice. All of sudden blinding bright lights illuminates the ice, and the ice begins to melt. A golden female spirt appears from the ice, and says "the curse is lifted"! She grabs the golden arrow necklace, which now morfs into a full size golden arrow, and she vanishes.
